Hello everybody.
Welcome to the model building process for these products.
Today we're going to be in the same process of building their actual model.
I'm going to utilize all the clean data that we worked so hard in the previous piece.
So as always the first thing with any script is to import the letters so go and import that need in
libraries again Pandurs non-POD seaport mightily.
And in this case we're going to use the time library.
Then we're also going to read that data that we created in the previous videos which is then you update
them.
Great.
So now maybe the pre-processing bar.
So the first thing to do in this case is let's leave the response bearable frome the independent features.
So this query column I'm sorry about your response which is just going to be the end roll call and roll
great We'll run it.
We created these new response.
Now we're going to remove the response period from the original set and we're going Puzo as follows.
The way we always do it we're going to drop the columns and roll which is the response for great that
strop.
For now let's do the first thing we always do when building the list split the dataset into training
and testing it to do so we're going to import that treat display function from a scanner.
So we're going to do as follows.
Scaler that model selection.
There you go.
The super cells import train test but great.
So it's running good now.
Shrink This plate is going to return the train set for that test set and the y axis which is a response
bearable for trainset and the responsible for it that's it.
So those are four variables.
So it's an extra access point train and white test.
And this is going to be that we're sort of the train split function applied to our dataset The She's
the execs the x variable the independent variables.
And of course the response we also have to choose how to split the sizes so we're going into test size
of 0.2.
Meaning that 80 percent of that data is going to go into trainset in 20 percent into the test.
And something I like to do myself is creating the random state argument of zero so that these random
selection can be duplicated in the future.
So let's run this great power train display.
If you want you can see right here this is the train said.
And this is this
now one thing that you may have noticed here is that we have the user ID as part of our fields which
is fine but of course we're not going to use that as a model because it's not a real feature.
It's simply random use right in the file for each user.
So let's remove.
But keep in mind and this is very important.
Keep in mind that at the end of the model we're going to want to associate a prediction to the user
it came from.
So we're going to save it away before we remove it.
So let's do it.
We grade that train identifier.
So this is the usual 4:42 trainset and it's just extreme use.
Good they we're going to remove these from trainset.
So extreme.
That's right.
What are you guys.
I'm very familiar with this point.
Use the axle and we do the same for that test test then fire fire cause X test that you sir.
Run it.
Great.
And then of course next test is now the same without the use of fire
action.
So we have done that.
The next step in these pre-processing part is going to be feature Schelling.
So to begin this process let's import the standard Scheller function from a scalar.
We gonna do Sourcefire escape on that pre-processing
import standard Scheller great.
So let's run this important just fine.
We're going to call the standard Scheller just simply EastEnder Scheller.
We're going to call se x y and run this and then we're going to scale and we're going to scale the extreme
and we're going to create a new feel.
Put this in your variable and what is going to do is to fire a standard Scheller return and this is
very important to swap returns a number array of what the machines.
Ok the problem with this process is that it loses the column names and he loses the index.
OK we care about the index because the index is how we identify each set of fields to the user and we
care about the columns because we want to call them names.
We'll build that models.
OK.
So the way we're going to do this is we're going to save the skilled part into a different data for
them and we're going to do this by comparing the result of these Scheller into say a frame.
So we're going to do see X that transform transform feet's the data into the standard Scheller and then
right after transforms it into the proper scanner.
So so far so good.
So do with the new scale we're going to do the same with the x axis 2 which is that theta frame.
And we're going to actually only transform the access because it's already been fitted to the trains
it
great.
Now let's make sure that the new training say these tenderized the skill training they have to call
them as well.
So we're going to do this for a number two.
We're going to select columns which at this moment is just now and they we're going to say it to the
columns of the original extrinsic columns.
That is great.
And we're going to do this with a test set as well.
So we're going to do here with test and here as well.
We just quit.
So so far so good.
The last thing we have to do is recuperate in excess from the regional training index.
To do that we're going to do extreme underscore training to that in that's going to be extreme.
You know that index that was great.
So we run this and it works just fine.
The want to do the same for the desert which is just going to be done this is five years and then you
said it's ok works perfectly.
And the finest that now is going to be simply to compare the original transcend into the new trace it
just that to underscore here run it perfect.
And they were going to do X test because X test that too great.
Awesome.
For now we have converted that train into a scale trains meaning that all of the features all the numerical
features have intervals as you may have known before.
The reason we use standard Schelling in the first place is because we don't want any particular to make
or feel to have a greater influence on the model simply because it's absolute values are very large.
For example etching go from something of like 18 to 100 perhaps.
Wow.
Some screen color could only go 7 1 because H can go as far as a hundred.
We don't want that age to have that extra weight a more to be more influential in the model simply because
of its spot.
So we all normalize every single feature and every single feature can only influence the response variable
depending on how correlate it is and not based on its body.
So we have done this process.
So this is the final part before the model building process.
This is the X-ray idea preprocess and we have done after initial EPA.
The data is ready.
It couldn't be any more ready and that the next year we're going to actually build and train the model
and see our results.
Thanks a lot for watching and see you in the next video.